Respond to a submittal

Click here to see this page in full context

###  Respond to a submittal

A document controller usually responds to a submittal following the completion
of a formal review. However, the formal review stage is not mandatory and
statuses other than Reviewed can be configured to indicate the documentâs
readiness. The Review Ready column in the submittal details indicates when the
document is ready to be responded to.

The final review decision code and published review comments and markups can
be used to arrive at a decision over whether each document in the submittal
should be accepted or not.

Submittals can be responded to by the recipient via the Received By Me folder
of the Activities page, or by a Deliverables Activity Admin user via the All
Workspace Submittals folder. Note You cannot respond to a submittal in the
Received By My Company folder.

Submittal documents may be given a decision code type of Accepted, Accepted -
provide comment, Accepted - provide content (no placeholder), Rejected or
Rejected (no placeholder). The decision codes are configurable, but the
decision code types are standard.

  1. Open a submittal and view each of the documents, along with the result of any formal review activity and the published review comments and markups. 
  2. Press the Respond button. 
  3. For each document, select a Decision Code from the drop-down menu. (If a document was sent on a formal review, the Decision Code will be populated with the value from that process, but it can be changed.) 
  4. If the Decision Code type is Rejected, Accepted - provide content, Rejected (no placeholder) or Accepted â provide content (no placeholder), the Planned Resubmission Date is calculated from the turnaround timeframes, but it can be changed.Â 

If the Decision Code type is Rejected or Accepted - provide content, in the
Next Revision field, enter the revision for the resubmitted document.

If the Decision Code type is Rejected (no placeholder) or Accepted - provide
content (no placeholder), no placeholder revision is required.Â

(If the Decision Code type is Accepted, these fields do not appear.)

  1. Enter an optional Comment. 
  2. To attach a supporting document attachment to the comment, press Add and locate the document in the workspace. To remove an Attachment, select it and press Remove. 
  3. When all of the required fields have been populated for all of the documents, press Respond. The submittal sender will be notified. The Actual Return Date will be set on the documents. If the Decision Code type is Accepted, then the document stays in the same status.Â 

If the Decision Code type is Rejected or Accepted â provide content, the
lifecycle status of the existing document will change to Returned, and a
placeholder will be created with the Planned Resubmission Date set to the
calculated or selected value.

If the Decision Code type is Rejected (no placeholder) or Accepted â provide
content (no placeholder), the lifecycle status of the existing document will
stay as Received and the Planned Resubmission Date set to the calculated or
selected value. No placeholder will be created.

