End activity

Click here to see this page in full context

##  End Activity

Sometimes it may become necessary to end the activity that a document is on
before the activity is complete. For example, if a new version of a document
becomes available while the current version is on formal review as part of a
submittal, you can end both of these activities, allowing the new version of
the document to be uploaded and a new submittal to be initiated.

When you end the activities of one or more documents you give all of the
documents whose activity is being ended a single decision code and PM status.

Note  You can end the activities for multiple documents at once. However, if
the documents are on formal review they must be of the same review type.

Note  If a document is one of several documents on an activity (such as a
submittal or formal review), ending the activity for that document will only
remove the selected document from the activity. The other documents will
remain on the activity. The activity itself can only be ended if all of the
documents associated with it are selected.

Note  If you end a submittal before it has been acknowledged, you will be
registered as the Acquired by user and the Acknowledged Date will be the date
the activity is ended. All other documents on that submittal, apart from the
documents that are ending the activity, will be given the status Received.

  1. In the Documents page, select one or more documents that are currently on an activity. From the Activities menu, select End Activity. 

Note  Selected documents not associated with any activity will be ignored.

  1. The End Deliverables Activity tab displays the activities being ended. These are grouped in activity type panes and display the relevant metadata for each activity, indicating the associated documents by reference. 

The Summary bar indicates how many activities of each activity type will be
ended. Click on an activity type in the Summary bar to view only the
activities of that type. The other activity type panes will be collapsed.

To expand all of the activity type panes again click on the Collapse/expand
button.

  1. You can filter the list of activities to view only those related to specific documents. Enter all or part of the document reference number into the Filter by box and press Go. 

To remove the filter, press the Reset button.

  1. At any time you can refresh the activity list to make sure that the activities you are going to end are the correct ones. To do this, press the Refresh button at the bottom of the page. 
  2. Select a decision code from the Decision Code drop-down menu. The options provided will be all decision codes in the workspace of Accepted type. Your selection will be applied to all of the documents.Â 
  3. Select a lifecycle status from the PM Status drop-down menu. The options provided will be Accepted, Approved, Rejected and all custom lifecycle statuses in the workspace. Note To prevent confusion, it is common to create a custom status called End Activity. 

Note  If a PM status is associated with the selected decision code, the PM
status field will be populated with that code. However, you can select a
different one if required.

Note  If a PM status with the Review Ready box checked is applied as a result
of the End Activity process, the Review Ready column on the submittal details
view will not be updated to Yes.

Your selection will be applied to all of the documents.

  1. You can enter a Comment to communicate to the participants of those activities why the activity was ended. Though the comment box is present when ending all activity types, the comment is only applied to activities that contain a comment stream such as submittals and formal reviews. 
  2. Press Apply to end the activities. When the activities are ended, the documents will receive the selected decision code and PM status and will be unlocked. 

Note  If you do not have permission to close the activities for some of the
selected documents, you will be informed which ones.

Email alerts will be sent to the participants of the activities.

Â

