Formal Reviews

Click here to see this page in full context

##  Formal Reviews

Note  Available in Deliverables Management workspaces only.

The Formal Review activity is a business process workflow which enables
deliverables documents to be sent to users to check the quality of their
content. Documents for review must be responded to within a given date. Once
the participating reviewers have completed their review by suggesting a
decision and adding any electronic comments or annotation markups, the
nominated lead reviewer and assigned consolidator can consolidate markups and
the lead reviewer can also select which comments should be published. The lead
reviewer finally applies a final decision code and closes the review.

Note  When a document is sent on formal review, security access based on
folder, category, PM status and manage upload permission is set aside for the
Lead Reviewer and Deliverables Management administrator for the duration of
the review. This allows users (for example, external partners) to orchestrate
and close formal reviews containing documents whose contents they do not have
permission to see.Â

Comments made during a formal review are visible only to the participants of
the review. At the end of the review, the Initiator will only see the comments
selected for publication (unless that person belongs to the same company as
the rest of the review team or is a Deliverables Activity administrator).

Markups made during a formal review are visible only to participants in the
review (this does not include the initiator of the review unless that person
belongs to the same company as the rest of the review team) or a Deliverables
Activity administrator. The markups selected for publication at the end of the
review will be seen by anyone who has access to the document.

The Formal Reviews activity area is structured into the following folders:

  * Assigned To Me â reviews assigned to you as lead reviewer or consolidator 
  * For My Comment â reviews assigned to you to comment on 
  * For My Information â reviews assigned to you for your information only 
  * Submitted By Me â reviews you have created 
  * All Workspace Reviews â if you are a Deliverables Activity administrator you can view all of the formal reviews in the workspace 

The top level Formal Review folder displays the number of outstanding tasks
you have for this activity. This comprises the number of formal reviews which
have been assigned to you as lead reviewer or consolidator and which have not
been closed plus the number of formal reviews sent to you for comment which
you have not yet commented on.

