Edit revision

Click here to see this page in full context

#####  Edit RevisionÂ

The Revision system property field allows you to configure how revisions of a
document are recorded.Â

Note  The Type field must be configured for this property before the category
can be made active. The field type can be free text, selected from a drop-down
list of supplied values or generated by numerical or alphabetic counter.

  1. In the Manage Document Fields tab, press the Preferences button for the Revision property. 
  2. Choose the Type from the drop-down list. 

Revision type  |  Description   
---|---  
Text  |  The user will be allowed to enter the revision into a free text field.   
Drop Down  |  The user will pick the revision from a drop-down list of supplied choices.Â   
Link to a Reference Part  |  Business Rules only. The revision will automatically be populated via part of the reference number when the document is uploaded.   
System Controller Revision Counter  |  The revision will automatically be populated sequentially with either a character or a number. The user can override the value by selecting an alternative from a limited list of values. The list is limited to nine higher revisions when editing the info. The list is limited to the beginning of the list through to nine higher revisions when uploading a new version.   
Code TableÂ  |  Link the revision to a code table from which the user will select a value.   
  
  

  1. Press Apply, then select the Preferences button for the category again and edit the remaining properties. 

Revision type  |  Description   
---|---  
Text Â Â Â  |  If you want a default revision to be displayed, enter it in the Default Value box.   
Drop Down  |  Use the Add button to add revision choices to the drop down menu and use the Up and Down buttons to configure the display order. To present one of the drop down menu choices as default, select it and click on Make Default.   
Link to a Reference Part  |  Business Rules only. Enter the name of the reference part to link to in the Default Value box.   
System Controller Revision Counter  |  If you want a default revision to be displayed, enter it in the Default Value box.   
  
Â

  1. To make Revision a mandatory field, check the Is a Mandatory Field checkbox. 
  2. When you have finished, press Apply again. 

