Share custom BI Report

Click here to see this page in full context

###  Share custom BI Report

When you create a BI Report, it can only be used by you unless you share it
with other users. Any workspace administrator or BI administrator you share a
custom report with can run or edit the report, and share it with other users.
Other users can only run the report and view the results.Â

Warning  When a BI Report is shared with other workspace administrators or BI
administrators, they have the ability to edit it, reshare it and delete it. If
they choose to edit it, they will be prompted to save the changed report as a
copy of the original in their own list. However, if they choose to delete the
report, it will be deleted in the lists of all users, including the person who
created it.

Warning Â  Custom BI Reports ignore document security settings. Be aware that
sharing a report with a user who has limited document access could show them
information to which they would not normally have access.

Custom reports that you create are accessible from all workspaces where
Business Intelligence is enabled (and where you are a workspace administrator
or BI Administrator). Note that any custom fields will only work on the
workspace where the report is created. Reports shared with you will only be
accessible within the workspace where they shared.

Note  You cannot share standard BI Reports. All users have access to the
standard reports that their FusionLive permissions allow them to see.

  1. In the BI Reports tab, select the report that you want to share. 
  2. The color of the Share icon indicates whether the report is already shared. 

  * Blue - shared 
  * Grey - unshared 

To select users to share with, click on the Share icon.

  1. From the Workspace Users list select the users or user groups that you want to share the report with. Press Add to add them to the Share With list. 
  2. To remove users from the Share With list, select them and press Remove. 
  3. When you have selected the users, press the Apply button. The shared report will now appear in their BI Reports list. 

Warning  When a BI Report is shared with other workspace administrators or BI
administrators, they have the ability to edit it, reshare it and delete it. If
they choose to edit it, they will be prompted to save the changed report as a
copy of the original in their own list. However, if they choose to delete the
report, it will be deleted in the lists of all users, including the person who
created it.

