Registering placeholders

Click here to see this page in full context

###  Registering document placeholders

Note  Placeholders are only available when the Document Pre-registration
module is enabled for the workspace.

Placeholders allow you to create a place in your workspace for documents that
are expected to be uploaded in the future. This process is known as pre-
registration. In the document grid, placeholders are indicated in italics.

When the document is ready, the placeholder can be replaced with its intended
content. If a document is uploaded with a filename that matches the
placeholder reference (in non-Business Rules workspaces) or a reference and
revision that match those of the placeholder (in Business Rules workspaces),
that uploaded document will be added as new content to the placeholder. In
non-Business Rules workspaces you can also upload the content manually.

Note  In Inbox workspaces placeholders are created in the Outbox folder
structure and populated when a change in the lifecycle moves a document of the
same reference and revision from the Inbox to the Outbox.

  1. In the Documents page, select the folder in which you wish to register documents. 

Note  In Inbox workspaces, the folder must be within the Outbox folder
structure.

  1. Select New from the Register menu. 
  2. Select a document category. 
  3. Enter the number of placeholders you wish to register in the Number of Documents textbox and press OK.Â 
  4. If the selected category includes a reference numbering scheme, on the Specify Numbering dialog enter the metadata for each part of the reference number. Press Apply. 
  5. If the category includes a reference numbering scheme, the Reference fields will automatically be completed. If the numbering contains a counter part, this will take the next available number according to the numbering scheme rules. 

If no reference numbering scheme exists for the selected category, enter a
reference number as free text.  Note  The following characters cannot be used:
\ /:*?<>=^"|'&.

To change the reference numbering for a placeholder, click on its Change
Reference icon and enter new numbering part information.

During the life of a project, sometimes counter numbers donât get used. To
use up counter numbers that have been missed, click on the Available Counters
icon and select a number.

  1. If the category has a reference numbering scheme that incorporates the placeholderâs metadata, the values determined by the reference number chosen earlier in the upload process will be automatically filled in the metadata screen. You can edit these if required and supply the remaining required document metadata.Â  Note  The following characters cannot be used in metadata fields: \ /:*?<>=^"|'& (& can be used in the Title field). 

If you want the same value to be applied to a metadata field, enter the value
for the first placeholder and then click on the Copy Down button to apply it
to the rest.  Note  You cannot create a placeholder with the same reference
and revision as an existing placeholder or document.

Note  In a Deliverables Management workspace, the Originator field is
automatically filled with the name of your company. If the Allow Edit by
Multiple Originators feature is enabled, Originator can be changed, allowing
you to register placeholders for users in other companies. If this feature is
not enabled, only Document Controllers or Workspace Administrators can do so.

  1. To add another placeholder to the placeholder list for this category, press the +1 button 
  2. To remove a placeholder, press the -1 button. Alternatively, select several placeholders and select Remove Selected from the Remove Pre-registered Documents drop-down menu. To remove all of the placeholders, select Remove All. 
  3. To add placeholders for an additional category, select a new category and add the placeholders and their metadata as before. The number of placeholders being is displayed next to each category in the Category list. 
  4. To create the placeholder registration, press the Done button. 
  5. The Summary page displays all of the placeholders you have created. To send this information in a message to selected workspace users, click on Send a Message and fill in the message recipients and details. The Placeholder information is included as attachments. Press Send. 

