Deliverables Management Schedule

Click here to see this page in full context

####  Deliverables Management Schedule

If the Deliverables Management module is enabled, a Document Controller or
Workspace Administrator can create a schedule of reasons for issue that will
be applied to an individual document during its lifespan. For each reason for
issue the relevant planned and forecast submission or issue dates (depending
on whether the document category is an Externally Supplied type, a
Deliverables type or a Deliverables and Externally Supplied type) are
recorded.

Once a schedule has been created, whenever the reason for issue of the
document is changed, the dates associated with it in the schedule will
automatically be applied.

The reasons for issue can be added manually or loaded from a milestone chain.

Note  Schedules cannot be created for attachments or links.Â

  1. In the Documents page, select the required document. 
  2. Select Info from the Document actions menu. 
  3. Select the Deliverables Management Schedule tab from the Document Info drop-down menu and press Done. 

![](../images/schedule.png)

  1. To add a reason for issue to the schedule, press Add. Select a Reason For Issue from the drop-down menu and press Apply. 

Alternatively, if a milestone chain exists for the documentâs document type,
add all the relevant reasons for issue by pressing Load from Milestone.

To remove a reason for issue from the schedule, select it and press Remove.
Note  If you remove the reason for issue currently applied to the document, go
to the Document Information panel, select a different reason for issue in the
schedule and press Update.

  1. The schedule is executed in top-to-bottom order. Determine the order of the schedule by selecting a reason for issue and using the direction arrows to move it to a new place in the schedule.Â 

Select Up or Down to move the selected reason for issue one place up or down
in the schedule. Select Top or Bottom to move the selected reason for issue to
the start or end of the schedule.

Note  If you change the position of a reason for issue once its dates are
selected, the dates will be deleted.

  1. The schedule dates depend on the type of document category.   

Category typeÂ  |  Schedule Dates   
---|---  
Deliverables  |  Planned Issue Date and Forecast Issue Date.   
Externally SuppliedÂ  |  Planned Submission Date and Forecast Submission Date.   
Deliverables and Externally Supplied  |  Planned Submission Date and Forecast Submission Date.   
Planned Issue Date and Forecast Issue Date.  
  
Â Â  
Double click a reason for issue and select the schedule dates using the date
pickers. Press Apply.

Note  The schedule must proceed chronologically. The dates for each reason for
issue must be the same or later than the previous ones.Â

Note  You cannot edit the dates for the documentâs current reason for issue
in the schedule. These should be edited in the Document Information tab at the
top of the page.

