Repackage a folder

Click here to see this page in full context

##  Repackage a folder

After a work package has been created and distributed, the contents of the
folder may change. Files may be added, updated or deleted and you may wish to
create a new version of the package to reflect this. This is known as
repackaging.

Note  You cannot repackage a work package when the work package document is
locked, or when you do not have permission to access the work package folder
or to upload documents to the work package document category. Additionally, if
some files in the package have had their PM status changed to one to which you
do not have access, these will not be included in the repackaged document.

Note  If a work package document has been manually revised, it cannot be
repackaged. A new work package document can be created for the folder but it
will not contain the version history of the previous work package document.

Note  When a work package document has attachments, when the folder is
repackaged those attachments will not be carried forward to the next version
of the package. If the document has a coversheet and no rendered content, the
attachments will be discarded in the new version. If the work package document
has rendered content, the attachments will be added to the Package Content
page and may be included in the rendition of the new version, if required.

  1. Select the top level folder that contains the work package document and selected Package from the Document Actions menu. 
  2. If the folder contains subfolders, select whether you want the new version of the work package to include just the top level folder, its subfolders or subfolders with separators. 

If you want to include attachments to the documents in the work package, check
the Include Attachments box.

  1. You cannot change the document category or reference of the work package document, but you can edit the metadata if you wish. Make any required changes and press Next. 
  2. The Package Content screen shows the contents of the folder and any subfolders. If the work package is for a single folder, the document order is retained from the previous version and new files are added at the end. If the work package contains subfolders, the documents in each folder, including new files, are ordered by reference. 
  3. Files that have changed since the previous version of the work package was created have their Reason for Change indicated. 

Reason for Change√Ç  |  Description   
---|---  
New  |  Document has been added to the folder.   
Removed  |  Document has been deleted from the workspace, moved to another folder (not a subfolder of the work package) or has been given a PM status to which you do not have access.   
Revised  |  Document has been revised or checked-in.  Note  If a document is checked-out when the work package is repackaged any changes made by the user who checked it out will not be incorporated.   
  
  

The Reason for Change filter menu indicates how many new, removed or revised
documents there are. Select from the Reason for Change filter menu to display
only the new documents, removed documents or revised documents. Alternatively,
select All Changes to view all documents that have changed.

  1. The documents that have changed will be included in a change table added to the coversheet. You can view the change table by pressing the Preview Coversheet button. 
  2. Adjust the order of the files in the work package if required. 
  3. Select whether the work package document should consist of the coversheet only or the coversheet plus a rendition of all or selected files. 
  4. Press Create Package. A new version of the work package document containing all of the documents in the selected folder and subfolders. If document rendition was selected this version will be updated again once the rendition process has been completed and the work package icon will display a green tick. 

